Admin Meeting 1 st February 18h finished 19h10
presents: Josa, Felicia, Sofia, Suraj, Xico, Alex



Topics
Lawyer 
seguro
conta
distribuição financeira
kick off
assembleia
plano anual

Meeting:
Lawyer/court session – Situation: court session in the 22nd, and we need to define, if we accept the one we have or search for other possible lawyers. 
Josa is asking a friend lawyer if she can help us. Xico says we have money in safe and we can pay now the lawyer. Sofia suraj and xico agree we can pay now. WE wait for Josa to finish the call. He agrees aswell.

Insurance – friday at 16h , tecnical inspection for the damage in compasso from the terrace flood from the neigbour above. We hope money will come.

Bank Account – is not acessible to us right now, we are doing the necessary to make it acessible. Documents have been delivered through email but we need to get them physically. Xico says he can go friday

Financial distribution – There was a meeting on 30th of january, where we payed all expenses and agreed on a fair distrubtion. Xico is asking if everyone is happy.
Sofia exposes that this situation is not easy for her and she hasn´t the possibilty to go to work in compasso if she only recieves on the end of the month, because she counts on that money coming from compasso to manage her life. And she agrees that we do this way, but it doesnt really work for her, but she will solve her personal situation.

Xico says there is a document to put the hours of work done for compasso.
Lets put the hours and then make the correct division when there is money to distribute.
Josa says Sofia should get a little bit more, to make it fair for Sofia.
Also Niko was not happy with the distribution, he wanted to leave and abandon the kitchen project. Josa didnt like the atitude of Niko, but Josa wants to sit and talk with niko so we all can be happy, and we can work together. 
This financial distribution is aproved in an assembly.
Alex – Says Niko was counting with a percentage for his work, and thats why he is upset. So he understands this situation. We should have a different percentage. 

Kick off – text in progress – to make an event to build bigger team
Sofia sugests to make a meeting – Josa says its hard to get people together online.
Propose a date? Sofia is going to make the doodle and make a new meeting.

Kitchen – We are proposing to make a meeting middle of the month to define percentage and give ppl about conditions to work.

Tools - Suraj wants to borrow a few tools..Everyone agrees


Subjects for next meeting!
Assembly on the 9th of February
Plano anual 


