Ata de reunião admin 3 Maio
Presentes: Xico, Pedro, Suraj, Alex
Time: 19h to 20h30
Topics:
Saloon Floor / Insurance
Contact insurance (xico can do)

Loans for renovations
Suraj this time he canot help
Pedro: Topic for obras meeting, resolve the mandala obras situation first.
Xico: we still have 3000€ from last time.

Events mandala
Suraj: wondering do we have representation of mandala events. Is Josa still doing his duties, is he still holding his position as responsible for events.
Xico: Sofia and Josa they would share the responsability, Sofia is now in fulltime job, josa also busy. Events mandala meeting has not been active.
Pedro: Is there more ppl in mandala? 
Xico: Hannah and Hugo Quadrado were wanting to participate.
We need to call more ppl to bring fresh blood and energy.
Alex: we could aliviate the stress and putting spiritual mandala helping the events mandala. A lot of potential in compasso, there are people who want to work there...
Xico: who?
Alex: Zohar...and spirituality
Suraj: separate mandalas, we should keep separation
Pedro: 1st level diferent mandalas acept and make proposals, at 2nd level events mandala manage the final logistics of the proposals.
Suraj: agrees
First talk to SOfia and Josa to see if they want to keep the position.
Search for someone who can do this task.
Propose to keep up the good work that has been done by tJosa and team and use a better Mandala tematic distribuition of events. less centralized organization of events mandala.


Mandala Obras
Pedro: Meeting me and chico, mediated by Suraj, but didnt happen. I did a session with the NVC from the friend from Brasil, today I invite xico to join the team, and then all team.  1st step for the mandala obras conflict – this will be integrated in the sociocracy.  This will be benefic for all the team.
Suraj: agree
Xico: I agree on doing a session with the team.
Pedro: What is being done with the arquitect?

Conclusion: 
We can make a meeting with a CNV facilitator: 
Pedro will arrange a meeting with her.



Funds for equipment from Junta freguesia/ Marta Quitério
Xico: ask ppl to gather the possible equipment that we might need.
Suraj: create a living document to create a team and Send the email to everybody about the program. (xico will create it)
Pedro: Is there a rule that blocks from recieving money because we have not finished the other program of obras.

Acountability / Banco de Horas
Xico: made the acounts register and the division on the time bank.
Pedro: says he wants to include his hours in the time bank. 
Suraj: lets follow the excell worksheet. Suraj and Hugo are exploring a solution .
Is there someone form our group that has a Consulting perspective for a consult.

Permaculture meeting
Happened with joana and yassine.

