Ata de Reunião Administrativa – 5 de Abril 
Presentes: Xico, Pedro, Suraj, Zohar
Start at 19h15 Finish 20h30

Topics:

Mbway
Xico: 
We recieved the debit card and now we can have mbway, we just need a phone card and a phone

Pedro: says he has a phone he can lend to compasso but we can ask other people if there is someone with a phone.



Continuation of dragon dreaming – dynamic governance – non violent comunication
Zohar: Is here to help the continuation of the dragon dreaming. 
Inquiry: find a date on the weekend to gather all people of compasso, and in 4 hours meeting, make a workshop non-violent comunication and dynamic governance.

Pedro & Zohar have a proposal for the group to implement dynamic governance.
Xico sugests to present it to the group (central mandala / social organs)


Optimizing processes of organization
Pedro: wants to say that certain processes need to be better: For example to delay the meeting right before the time it would happen as today. And processes, and how to make decisions – decisions are not collective. 
He has some sugestions:
Suraj: says he agrees meeting should not be canceled before, and we all should just join. And that all decisions should be taken in group and by consensus.
Xico: he thought zohar cound nt make it today so he was thinking of changing. But meetings have happened with regularity wednesay at 19h, and to be continued and improoved. Most decisions should be talked here.
Pedro: we should arrange a moment to talk about these decision processes and decision making. This should be shared to the centrak mandala and it could be good on the workshop. Would be good people who want to have a word in decision making to be there.

Zohar Admin meeting
Xico: Questions the participation of Zohar in the admin mandala meeting? And if the the central mandala agrees..
Zohar: he wants to help assist the implementation of governance model.
Pedro: There is a sensitive point: the transfer of legal responsabilities and compromises from the social organs to mandalas system. To have decentralization the information must flow.
Xico: Wants to say there needs to be a fusion between the work that has beeing done from the past and the integration of this sociocracy.

COMROMISE: comunicate with all the people, the intention of implementing the new governance model. 
Pedro: he notices that some members didnt answer to his messages around this topic, so he prefers that chico makes the communication to the social organs  

Pedro will improve the document: https://aiacacompasso.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/GestoManagement/EUFsksm0HwxBpRqlFfNTOJkBpmSllWFCGAnvuBN0a_Y9KA?e=vDqL5r
Zohar will comunicate with ppl of the social organs to see if they can aprrove the new model of governance.



Fine about renovations
Xico - comunicated that we recieved a fine of 800€ about not comunicating the begining of the renovations.
Pedro says its a topic for the obras meeting.
We agree we talk about it in the obras meeting.

Water Bill
We have managed to establish na agreement with the city hall, to pay the 580€ bill in smaller fees each month. 
Xico says he will also ask Mazatzin to express more clearly his earnings and estblish a clear percentage to help support the paying of the water bill.

