12/01/23
Reunião Kick-Off 2023 Quinta
Presentes: Suraj, Xico, Josa, ALex, Zohar, Camila, Felicia
Ordem de trabalhos: 

Mandalas
Maintenance & Residence - Alex
Arts & Events – Josa & Felicia
Administration – Xico , Sofia, 
Kitchen – Alex, Sofia?
Permaculture/Garden - Pedro? (We need someone to take care of this)
Communication –  (Social Media) - Josa  (Website) - Camila & Suraj
Spirituality -  Zohar (assumes position)
Compasso Social (non-profit actions) - (Zohar would like to invite Camila) - Camila accepted

Each responsible of mandala will write a proposition for their mandala, and this will be included in a holo-school project and the yearly plan of the association.

Milestones:
    • Residence dynamics (alex) - will make a document for the residents to see when they arrive
    • Redistribution model/ Financial Model - (suraj is not availiable but josa sugests ANdré - someone who wants to propose a comunity economy model. Will talk tomorrow
    • Holo-school project – we wait untill mandalas are done.
    • Construction – is Top priority and is on going
    • Branding Manifesto Process – Zohar will be the facilitator

Statements:
Felicia says:
Initiatives we aim to develop/achieve for 2023: 
Targeted digital marketing campaigns;
Photo and video reporting team for repertoire and communication; 
Ensuring the participation of international and inter-regional artists.

Camila says
 I know we have problems in Compasso, as infrastructure and structuring to meet the laws and all that, and I imagine that this is something more urgent and for that we could call on members and the community to help. We can have members that have legal knowledge, engineering, architecture and could help us with these things

Zohar says:
We are having a meeting on the 26 January at 15h – We will update the compasso manifesto, with the mandala manifesto. And then we can invite more people to join us!
Zohar – He is sugesting we need to update the members.. Make somthing that works!

