Ata de Reunião Administrativa – 12 de Abril 
Presentes: Sarah(energy), Pedro (notes), Suraj(time)  Zohar (moderator), Alex
Start at 19h15 Finish 20h20

Topics: 

Teambuilding - Dynamic Governance Presentation day:
We are trying to choose a day that everyone can be physically present. Zohar made a poll and suggestions where to the end of April. From 30 april to 3 of may Carolina will be here. We 30 of April, sunday, a weekend day, to make it easier for everyone.

We realized that this is just a moment of presentation of the proposal to the group, so we agree that is urgent, and there is no real need of being phisically present, so we wil be making a new poll, specifying that its 1 hour, can be done remotely on a week day. Zohar is taking care of this.

Kitchen 

Proposals: 
    • lunch twice a week for 5 Euros soup+main dish+tea. Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Dinners continue the same way. Suraj suggest on make a trial and present report on 3-4 weeks so we can see if it works.
    • people who go for lunch can be not paying the 1 euro membership. There is a objection about the legallity and differentiation of members. We didnt reach a proposal approved. During the week Sarah, will take a feedback from the group and make a more complete proposal on this. 
    • Continue bankhours but food prepared at home should be on percentage (30% for compasso 70% for cookers): Approved.
    • Tips Jar for buying things for kitchen (microwave, …): Approved.
Suraj suggest a way for making reservations and pre-payments.


Smoking Material Sellings:
The selling is going steady. To do not pay transport, we need now to invest before, not at the end as it was now. Alex suggest that we invest 100 euros to make it continue. Suraj asks for a specific report of the accounts, aand pedro agrees. Alex will make accountability and prest it, so we can make na objective decision.

Respect the commit to the colective decisions:
Pedro states that for many weeks there are attempts to change  admin meeting on a last minute basis and this is a systemic approach to many decisions processes in compasso which are taken out of the proper circle of meeting, not using colective intelligence. He mentions the example of lack of transparency mandala of obras, where is not being part of the decisions processes and not being informed about what is happening.

We aggreed to make clear to the group that the meeting is happening every wednesday at 19 by default and comments that can make confusions should be avoided.  

We leave the topic of the mandala of obras to be the first topic of the next meeting.

