Ata Reunião 17 de Julho 2023
Presents: Xico, Sofia, Suraj, Josa
Topics:
    • Renovations update:
        ◦ Xico says: We recieved a fine 851€ and we are asking at CMP to pay it in smaller fees. We are in the process of presenting the licencing document to the city hall and we have to still gather the signatures of the ppl of the building for the aproval of a specific point relative to the fachade of the building. The arquitect is doing her part in making the document, presentation. We are also getting forward with the crowdfunfding with Jeanine (campaign) and Nijo (video).
    • Social Organs working structure
        ◦ Sofia: redefine the social organs functions, and their contribution. We dont have the position of the Treasurer keeper
        ◦ Suraj sugests to get people (volunteer) to help for admnistration positons. Re think ppl in the social organs if they have their availiable. Identify different roles, task or project manager. Treasurer, garden space, event producer
        ◦ Xico sugests assembly at the end of September 23rd
        ◦ Josa will gather the assembly team and make the comunication for a new assembly.
        ◦ Roles and responsabilities - 
        ◦ Pedro: proposal of sociocracy implementation – are ppl willing to use this?
        ◦ Suraj: if sociocracy can help us make things happen, lets use it. 
    • Psylocybin ceremonies
        ◦ Xico sugests that we talk this when zohar is present. All agree.
    • New Volunteers aproach:
        ◦ Sofia is sugesting to focus the new volunteers for the events.
        ◦ Suraj is asking if people can be directed to the specific mandala.
        ◦ Xico sugests to add them to a group on whatsapp, and invite their help for the rest of the month. And then we start the
        ◦ Events july 21, 22, 23, 26, 28, 29, 30. 
        ◦ We will try to get the team for the july events with ppl we know and save the new volunteer list for august.

