Ata de reunião admin 19 de Abril

Presentes: Pedro (memory), Xico (moderator), Suraj (energy), Josa (time)

Topics:

Decision process in Mandala Obras and others
Special Event price for Compasso Collaborators
News from the Tech team
Defense for the fine in Obras
Permaculture Mandala suggestion
Admission of Niko as a resident
Accountability to smoking merchandising
Transferring Alex responsabilities (accountability and residence)

Decision process in mandala of obras and others:
Pedro tells that for several months he is asking in meetings and other to have communication and participate in decisions, specially in mandala of obras. 
Generally people agreed that the decisions are not being taken collectively and they should. 

Because of the sensitiveness of the issue, there is na agreement for chico and pedro talk with suraj mediation.

Special Event price for Compasso Collaborators:
There are people who collaborate in compasso that should have special prices for events entrance, food or drinks...
The group generally agrees that collaborators should have discount. The discussion is more on what/who is a collaborator and what kind of discount they get. Xico proposes some difference, having large disccount for social organs.  

News from the Tech team
Tech mandala start to work on new wordpress website. First step is to include basic theme choice, and basic functionalities.
Second step is to put events and people can buy tickets online. Third will be online shop.
Volunteer management system. 

Defense for the fine in Obras
800 € fine for doing Obras without communication. Xico sent a defense email to contest the obras fine. The team will read it and said something about it.

Permaculture Mandala suggestion
Some people took iniciative on the garden but this was not coordinated, so one tree was badly pruned. Also there is openess of joana and yassine to co-participate in a course.

We agree that a mandala should be created for this and have roles defined before we continue works in the garden.

Admission of Niko as a resident
Josa tells the story that happen with Niko, saying that compasso acepted and gave free conditions to live there and says that after he collaborated in the kitchen he left pissed of spreading bad things about compasso.
Alex says that he is very helpfull, that somehow we also were being wrong with him.
Everyone agrees on a second chance, but with conditions on his behaviour.


Accountability to smoking merchandising
We did 20 € profit (buy 50 sell 70) on the first sale. on the second time we invested 73 and we sell 85 eur, so money is missing in the box or we didnt sell the total merchandise.
Suggestion is that we communicate with people responsible there in compasso, check what happen. 

Transferring Alex responsabilities (accountability and residence)
Next meeting.

