Ata Reunião 21 de Agosto 2023
Presents: Xico, Suraj, Fernanda
Topics:
    • Computer and projector situation
There is no pc in compasso for projecting, what happened? 
If there are events with video projection, in the future, the person doing the event has to be responsible for getting a computer, and adapter to work with the projector (vga to hdmi cable)
Suraj : What happened to the computer that was in the computer?
Xico is asking in group.
    • Dates for meeting team all together develop a comon vision for all. Which day is the best for meeting. Strategy to fortify the team, who is in the team, open meeting. 
Proposal- 2nd week Spetember meeting for the social organs. Days 2, 3 and 9 of september.  Fernanda will make na invitation and xico will help, so we send to the team, members, etc.

    • Pedro Baco – electricity plan - 
Suraj receieved a message from Pedro Baco with a electricity plan. What should he do with this. 
Xico: there was a moment, in july the we had a meeting with pedro baco, because he show will to support in the renovations. He started to work on this, but since then he hasn t comunicated back. But now he has,
SUraj: we can ask him to join one of these general meetings to talk with him,
Xico: agrees.
    • Urgent tasks – Crowdfunding / licensing process
Crowdfunding - Jeanine has gathered a good team – we basically need to create the video... urgent – we need a team that can show their face and is there to make this happen. We gonna make fundraising.

There will be a meeting of the crowdfunding team tomorrow at 11h, open for the team to come support the crowdfunding. Fernanda will invite the ppl tomorrow. 

Licensing – we asked for more time at the city hall beacause: the arquitect has not finished the doc yet, because her father was sick. We still need more signatures. We recieved the aproval to pay in smaller fees the fine relating the ilegal points in the constrcution/inspection


    • Need for make an official Assembly meeting. 
Xico – Goals – Restructure the social organs, find a treasure keeper, renovate team with fresh blood/energy.  Request the aproval of a new membership structure. Ask the board of members to call this meeting oficially.
