Ata de Reunião Administrativa – 23 de Março 
Presentes: Xico, JP, Sofia, Suraj, Alex
Time: 20h we finish.
Topics:

Situation with renovations/Obras
We are aprooving to work with a new arquitect that has better the price than the one before, she has already send a proposal, we just need to aprove it.
The city hall has aproved the extension of the date to present the licence plan.
The condominium meeting is not yet scheduled, but we have comunicated with landlord and condominum for our topics to be introduced and talked in the meeting.
We expect Pedro to arrive so we can sit down and meet and clarify all acounts and start the next fase of renovations.  We just need to schdule a meeting for obras mandala.
We need now to obtain money from the members and crowdfunding and anyother way.

Bank 

Xico says he has the details to do the online banking.
Sugesting Thursday after lunch  14h30 obras mandala meeting.
JP , ALex , Xico – aproove, wwe need to ask Pedro also , if he can join. And also invite Tex.
I Asked for the debit card, so we can have mbway in the events, 
We need a phone that can support mbay, and a phone number, (suraj sugests a good number)
Suraj sugest to check Activ Bank.

Pressing matters (josa and mandala events)
JP says: 
Josa has his personal life full, and he wants to quit the position of events mandala responsible so he can have more time for his life. Yesterday in the events mandala, we have more team that can help him. 

ALEX: sugests that there can be a transformation from the mandala of events to a more focused on holo school vision.
Sofia: new ideas of events based spirituality has been spoken yesterday, and Josa passed to Sofia more responsible for the events. More ppl are integrating the mandala and they need a fase of integration/transition to go in the direction of our essence Holo-School. 
Sofia: doesnt agree that the mandala of spirituality assumes the managing of the Holo-school but they should be na integral part of the holo-school. It should be a project of the family, the holo-school should be decided in the whole circle. Lets change the strategy and the holo school should be a project of us all together - we need to have a common vision..

Bank of hours 

Alex:
Thinks that the bank of hours wont work very well this month, because this month there was not lot of money.
JP: its not about the amount of hours, because everyone will have a value. Sugests that the new people should work the hours we request and not the amount they want. 

Sofia: now in the safe is 710€

Alex: sugest every mandala should create a document with the expectations. And wants to be responsable to make this
Sofia: says hours can be relative
Xico: this should be a colective project.


Rents/Artistic Residence/ Studio renting

Alex: wants to let the room to Regina that can pay 200€ and she has a work and is a naturopat. 
Xico: Sugest we need to do a very good clean of the casita.

