Ata de reuni√£o admin 26 de Abril
Presentes: Xico, Pedro, Suraj, Sarah, Zohar

Topics:
Website/Server
Suraj: we recieved na email from Ravi, with a invoice to pay the server.
He feels its a waste to pay because we have our own server and we can now use it instead.
Pedro: feels we should migrate to the new server.
Xico: feels also we can migrate.
Suraj: We need to download all info data base from the old website. ME and HUgo is to try and save most of the data . 
All agree in migrating to new server.

CNV Fernanda Colaboraton
Pedro: Fernanda has a financed program from the state in Brasil, conflict resolution. She works in social, and permaculture and contacted me saying she would like to work in Portugal. She offered to work with compasso, using these tools, she needs na invite letter (until Friday) to come to Portugal. She proposes that part of the budget she can give to compasso for food and acomadation (we can do a trade for her work and pay for her work).
She offered to resolve conflict inside compasso.
All agree to send the invite and to have this person to work with compasso.

Notice about kitchen workshops
Pedro: Assoc. Aspea need to make workshops for sustainable cooking, they send a proposal to pedro. BAsically its 2 courses (6 hours per session) Each saturday(4) we cook a lunch and do the workshops for them. (30 ppl) from 13 to 30 years old.
They basically need someone to do the workshop
Zohar: Who has to pay? 
Pedro: They (Aspea) will pay compasso and someone to do the workshop.
Xico: Propose to Sarah to talk care of this proposal with the people of mandala kitchen.
Sarah: Will propose to the kitchen mandala
Pedro will clarify the proposal with the association and then pass the contact to Sarah.

Acountability (qr-code) - Treasure Keeper
Xico: mentioned there hasn t been the correct use of the qr codes to regioster the acountability of events
Sarah: says and others have used for Kitchen but not for events.
Zohar: sugests to create a workgroup (hugo and hanna) to improove this task.
Suraj: don t have any view on this.
Pedro: I remember that there should be someone from the team present at the event, this person should be responsable for the qr code fufillment
Zohar: sugests the review of the bank of time and acounts. There is a lot of space to improove.
Pedro: Regarding Alex, is he doing his job? He needs the data to do his job.
Sarah: I think most peoplle dont know about the qr code, so ppl should be informed:
Zohar: create a group to take care of the acounts in a more eficient way.
Pedro: Talk with alex before. And the create the group. (all agree)
Who can talk with Alex? Pedro sugests Xico, Suraj sugests to invite him to a meeting.  


Conorcor 18th May presentation
Xico: will ask more information on the ppl who want to visit, so we can decide what to do.

