Ata de Reunião Administrativa – 29 de Março 
Presentes: Xico, Sofia, Alex, Pedro, Suraj

Topics: 
1º Falamos um pouco de como cada um se sentia.
Expressando que existe alguma dificuldade entre a equipa direção/admin do compasso. 
Xico sugests every last sunday a heart sharing circle?
Pedro sugests someone from the spirituality mandala, to take care of this.
Sofia will talk to the mandala, and says they are already organizing something.

Meeting untill 20h20
Topics: 

Water Bill
Water tap was left running for 4 days after temazcal – resulting in 500€ bill.
Pedro says we should talk to Maza before we decide, and says compasso is the ultimate responsible.
There is responsablity for alex, but not about the consequences.
Suraj sugests a tap that would stop automatically
We will have to talk to Maza... (xico offers)
We will have to negotiate with the water company (Alex will do this)

Comunication of cordination of obras by xico
Pedro asked about the comunication that Chico passed about assuming the mandala of obras, he feels its not legit – Chico expresses because the result of the last year was not sucessful and harmonious, and because he doesnt want to have any more discussions and agressive talks, he chose to assume this position. Also because he is the one on the last the one who has a contract with the city hall. Pedro doesn t agree . Conversation will continue.  

Arquitect 
We will have to pay 100€ a month to RICARDO, that has done work for us.
Alex feels we should talk to Pedro first about the decision of which arquitect we will work with.
Xico says We will choose the arquitect that Jose seed has found, because she has the best conditions.

Residency
Alex says : he cant do the residency anymore.
We need a new person on the residency.
Jp also doesnt want to be the everyday guy.
Suraj sugests a job proposal.
This topic needs to be talked next meeting!!we are all tired!!





Obras Mandala
Not talked


Update on tech
We have been won a Grant from microsoft that we can have a new server where we can do lots of improvements. So Diego and Hugo will help and now we can create a new website. Insure we have a brand new server, with all we need!!! We also have a info@espacocompasso.com, so we can migrate to this email... so we can all in the management use this mail.

