Ata Reunião 2 de  Novembro 2022

Presents: Xico, Suraj, Pedro, Jota, André

Moderator and memory keeper: Xico
Time keeper: Suraj
Energy Keeper: André

Topics:

Money situation renovations
For friday we need 750 euros that includes partial workers payment and budget for materials
For the 12th of November we need 3000€ for Evaldo full payment and Fernando loan and payment, and partial payment to Pedro. 
We expect a payment from the city hall in the worst case by the end of the year.  
We are making efforts to try and obtain money from other sources: Xico has been contacting people in the bank for o loan, Sofia is asking from her father and Pedro is asking from Luis.
We have in safe from the events 590€ + 100€ bank acount = 690€ total
We will keep up the pressure at the city hall to make the payment.

Renovations update
End this cycle this friday, tomorrow metal tiles are arriving, today we finish the structure of the house. In January when Evaldo comes we close the structure. We are finishing isolation in the house.
Design the map of the electricty system, design of the kitchen, now is looking at the extracting system. Find solutions for the troubles. Sofia is taking care of the some burocracy.

Crowdfunding

Xico presented the work that was done this afternoon with sofia. We expect to collaborate with other members to help take decisions on the crowdfunding campaign

Residents 
Xico exposed residents situation that are not harmonious, and need to be clean kitchen, laundry.
Pedro says we need a residents meeting for some time, lots of situations that need attention and constant care.
Sugestions of a weekly residents meeting –  J P  offers to focalize it and meke it happen
Morning Prayer/meditation/practice  and 5-10 min meeting for dsy updates and priorities, map for the day - (to be decided who focalizes each day (rotative) on th residents meeting)

Responsabilities of House keeper
1 – Focalize a weekly meeting with all residents to align, establish some guidelines for the well functioning of compasso
2 – Focalizes the maintenance mandala and makes a bridge with the mangement team. 
3 . Introduce new residents and comunication between them.
4 – Assure payments of the residents (percentage of 30‰ of the )
5 - Manage the laundry – JP  proposition of changing the sheets every friday

We all spoke positive words to bring up the energy of the meeting

Alex (recent situations) 

Xico has exposed his feelings about Alex drinking and vomiting and bringing difficult energy to the space. And asking this to change. Jp agrees, people want o help alex to get better. ALex accpets and says he will improove.

Alex – feels this topic is not adequate for this meeting. Suraj agrees and say it is more humane to talk about it one to one..

JP – thinks that we are a family and he feels that everyday is free to talk what they need.

