16 de Novembro ás 19:04

Presentes: Jp Alex Xico Suraj Josa Sofia Pedro

Memory keeper: Alex
Time Keeper: Jota
Energy Keeper: Josa
Moderator: Xico

Topics:
Residentes
Rent situation
Last Réunion situation
Financial document
Time bank
Task management
Finance situation
Debts
Working outside


Residents:
People are going to leave in next week what are we doing to the 4 residents that stay here.
We agree the renovations downstairs the room.
Sofia will focalise the renovations.
JP focalises the renovation in the house outside.

Rent situation:
Alex is living here and doesn't pay rent
And he works here
Tamara and pedro dont pay and they are workers too, so Alex is questioning this topic for him
Jp Josa and Suraj agree to be fair for the inside team don't pay and that the situation is unbalanced
Chico thinks that is good for everyone to pay in relation to what they do, to help compasso 
Sofia thinks that the inside team that live here shouldn't pay, the workers who receive money should pay and the residents should pay. 
Jp can't think on any solution at the moment. 
Josa thinks the one's who work in compasso 100% shouldn't pay. 
Or should wasn't clear
Suraj sugests to make a database where each person situation discriminated and we get the  members together and agree on a solution. 
Let's make a proposition with jp. 
Let's make poles. 
Xico says Everyone should pay a small amount to make it sustainable.
Sofia thinks people that live and work here shoulnd pay, specifically Alex because he asked.
Suraj says: Make things separate: if you work you receive, if  you sleep you pay.

Tomorrow we are going to co create the document on teams that will structure the bank of time.

Task management:
Comunnicate more in teams team's. 


We own 500 to Jay and he is asking for it. 
  

Constructions outside:

Jp is responsible for the construction outside

