23 November 2022

Presentes: Suraj, JP, Alex, Xico, Pedro
Memory keeper: Xico
Moderator: Moderator
Time: Suraj
Energy: Pedro

Topics:

Task management: (suraj)
Feedback from the team about the task management?
Xico hasn`t started to use it.  JP hasn`t used it yet but has looked at it.
Pedro says last month he is more looking into teams, he feels its going smoothly but solid the transition for teams. He thanks the team for the effort.

Internship program: (suraj)
Suraj sugest to make na internship program, specifically for Project maneger and website developer, everyone agrees. Suraj will create task in teams and Xico and JP will create a text/letter to obtain students for this internship

Residents: (JP) - Rooms to clean (Sofia)
Very soon its just going to be residing Jp, ALex, residing at compasso, so
He sugest that next week we should really get into cleaning the rooms to prepare it for the new phase. Where:
Front room will be for the guests
Backroom will be for team to sleep and for team meetings,  


Register letter to the landlord / building management (Sofia)
JP sugests to Ask the landlord to resolve the infiltrations, another way
Xico sugests that someone to revise the letter (Pedro or Jose)

Comunication with city hall about the construction working (Sofia)
Xico says we have done all the burocracy and we are just waiting for the money to arrive!


Dragon dreaming schedule (Sofia)
Will happen friday at 9h30
Pedro is going to ask alex to comunicate to all the team the dragon dreaming 

