Meeting 26 october

Xico, Suraj, Andre, Josa, Jp, Fernando, Evaldo, Alex

Moderator and memory keeper: - Xico
Time keeper - Suraj

Topics :

JP – Residents - 

At the moment we have 2 guests: Luciano from Brasil, Stokeley (he has no place to stay, he slept in the living room, Pedro gave him some money from compasso) Valentina is coming tomorrow.
After analizing the space, JP can manage space for everybody. Now we are really full and we cannot recieve anybody else.

Suraj/Josa - Construction/obras 

Status - Works are good, we finish the clay, we put the window, lateral doors almost finished. 
The main structure (half of the structure is done) The idea this week is to finish the wood works, (1st stage- basic structure). And then the metal part will come after. The tiles should arrive in 4 days, then we will finish the house for Cani to come back to her room. Hopefully next week we can finish the house

Design validated by an architect? Pedro says no its not, he has someone who can do it, but he has no time for it. André confirms from his experience, the structure done by Pedro and Evaldo is very safe and a 5 star work.

Bank loan? Xico is in contact with the bank, waiting for a reply, we will keep the pressure to see if there is some possibilty of loan.

Council – So from the city hall, the contract have been approved, we are waiting for a call from the city hall to go sign the contract. Pedro is working on the report to send to the city hall and acelerate the process.

Pedro – Is mentioning the argument he had with Xico. André is sugested that we have eveerything clear in numbers, what is going on. Pedro says that its a priority that the money goes to the obras, chico payed the rest o fhe rent. There was a big round where everyone was saying what they felt about the situation. There will be a report presented to everyone that wants to know about the obras.

Next stages of construction (kitchen, living room, electricity)
André says he is availiable to work at the obras and we need to find a solution for the ceiling the terrace of the neighbors. Jp says the prioirity is to plan the works inside, Lots of things needed to work.

Alex - (lockers for residents and guests)

