Administrative Meeting 30th August

Present:
Xico, Suraj, Pedro Teixeira, Alex Augusto, Cani

19h to 20h20

Topics:

Obras
yoga classes
teams class
task manegment
general assembly – who will stay in the board of members
money distribution from residents
memberships
ceremony Nilton
heart circle (team building)


Obras

Pedro has a meeting with city hall to open the way to recieve the money for the obras
Tomorrow Evaldo from boom will arrive and stay at the room in front of the studio.
General budget has been done by Pedro and helpers.
Next days pedro and team will be organizing the obras outside
Electricity has been done with Porfirio, but now its done and is waiting for Pi to finish his work, that has not been finished.
We need to coordinate with obras teams to make events outside.
We need to find someone to redisgn events structure outside during obras, Cani volunteered to focalize this.
Chico will comunicate and pressure Pi and the company ecocrivo to finish their work, established in the contract.


Yoga classes
People are asking for yoga classes. We have several options, 
Alex will talk to Elsa and then we can invite other options for other schedules.
We need to know first the other teachers so we can decide who is best.


Teams class
When can we have a teams class?
Suraj sugests that we everyone should login in Teams.
Any questions about teams, suraj sugests that you can ask in Teams.


Task management
Everytime we have a meeting, The personal responsible for that mandala will create the tasks in teams.


General assembly – who will stay in the board of members
Assembly will be made on the 21st of September.
Chico sugests we should make a meeting to prepare the assembly.
On the 7th of September at 17h – meeting 


Money distribution from residents:
The 30% of the money made from the artistic residence will be divided between Cani and Josa.
Agrred by all present.

Memberships:
all new members are in the list.
We have the membership cards, and we should give it out to the people.
Suraj found a system for the memberships, that we need to tryout. He will try it next wednesday.
To be discussed next wednesday


Ceremony Nilton:
All people present expressed, they didnt feel so connected with Nilton and the way he makes ceremony. After Chico presented the proposal for a ceremony with his family friends from Colombia. Everybody agreed that we should have the Colombian xaman ceremony and cancel the one with Nilton. Chico and Josa will comunicate and send a message to Nilton.

Heart circle (team building)
Next team building on the 25th of September we will gave a heart sharing circle.
